tests/README.md, before:

# QR Code Testing

## QR Code Validation Tests

This project includes automated tests to ensure QR codes are **fully visible and scannable**.

### Python QR Validation Test

The `testValidQrScrenshots.py` test uses the `pyzbar` library to verify that all QR code screenshots contain valid, scannable QR codes with all three finder patterns (corner squares) visible.

#### Local Setup

1. Install Python dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements-test.txt
```

2. On Linux/macOS, install zbar library:
```bash
# Ubuntu/Debian
sudo apt-get install libzbar0

# macOS
brew install zbar
```

3. On Windows, pyzbar should work out of the box after pip install.

#### Running QR Validation Tests

```bash
# Run Playwright tests first to generate screenshots
npm run test:e2e

# Then validate QR codes are scannable
python -m pytest tests/testValidQrScrenshots.py -v
```

#### What the test checks

- All screenshots in the `screenshots/` folder are scanned
- Each QR code must be decodable by pyzbar
- If any QR code cannot be decoded, the test fails with details

This ensures QR codes are not cropped and have proper margin/padding for reliable scanning.

## CI/CD Integration

The QR validation test runs automatically in GitHub Actions after Playwright tests complete. If QR codes are cropped or malformed, the CI pipeline will fail.

Commit message:

Replace Python QR validation with Playwright checks

tests/README.md, after:

# QR Code Testing

## QR Code Validation Tests

This project includes automated tests to ensure QR codes are **fully visible and scannable**.

### Playwright QR Scannability Test

The `tests/e2e/qr-scannable.spec.ts` suite opens the generator, renders several QR variants and decodes the resulting preview with [`jsqr`](https://github.com/cozmo/jsQR). This keeps the entire workflow inside Node.js and mirrors how users interact with the rendered canvas.

#### Local Setup

```bash
npm install
npx playwright install
```

#### Running the scannability checks

```bash
# Run the full E2E suite (includes the scannability spec)
npm run test:e2e

# Or focus on the QR decoder checks only
npx playwright test tests/e2e/qr-scannable.spec.ts --project="Android-like Chromium"
```

#### What the test covers

- Default URL payloads rendered in the preview canvas
- Multiple dot styles and gradient combinations
- Non-Latin text payloads (Cyrillic and emoji)
- Guarantees that the preview canvas remains square and fully visible

All assertions rely on decoding the screenshot pixels, so if the QR code becomes cropped, blurred or otherwise unreadable, the test fails with a clear message.

## CI/CD Integration

GitHub Actions runs the Playwright suite via `npm run test:e2e`. The job surfaces decoded payload mismatches directly in the logs, making scannability regressions easy to spot.
